everybody's clear the Tokyo hustling 129
here present you with another YouTube
video about plushies are on sale on eBay
yeah this week we have the favorite
partner of Pinkie Pie big pie is
featuring her pink Mickey and dark
creepy Mickey tail and mane which
featured the beautiful Haleigh part of
details and some flushed up so picky bad
yeah next up it's going to make your day
twenty percent cooler is a Rainbow Dash
Rainbow Dash and her light blue Mickey
with rainbow colored tail and mane our
wings feature some hand embroidered
details I zenki marks I'm done with an
iron on fabric which is hand-colored so
there's your twenty percent cooler
Rainbow Dash last but not least
everybody's favorite pony from the
background and currently missing from
season three I mean really come on
season three is not to play with doubts
derpy therapy please like the camera
straight okay anyways derpy featuring
her grey Mickey body and yellow Mickey
tailed me got the key marks eyes and
head of our detailed wings and they'll
smile on face actually looks at you with
a derp eyes sup this week on the bait we
have derpy Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie
all three of these ponies are looking
for great homes and provide you the
links to their ebay auctions in the
comments below I will say at the time of
this posting they'll eat derpy already
has a bit longer so basically what
sister p and these two are still sound
bids but you can start to bed at forty
dollars or you do a buy it now
60 hours so please please think of the
ponies think of a police peace